STRF-10569 Latest node sass incompatible directives (#1872)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/incompatibile-directives.mdx

# Incompatible directives

> Since we have different versions of node sass running in stencil cli and production, there can be difference in the output of the css.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we have different versions of node-sass running in Stencil CLI and production, there can be differences in the output of the CSS.
```

> This doc is to cover the differences and how to avoid them until the node sass fork is sunset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This doc covers the differences and how to avoid them until the node-sass fork is sunset.
```

## Examples

1. To avoid using / divisions in scss directives

> Since support of it was added later then node sass fork, it will break on production with error stating that this syntax is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the support of SCSS directives came after the node-sass fork, the SCSS directives will break on production with an error stating that this syntax is not supported.
```

> So it's not recommended to use it in your scss files until the node sass fork is sunset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we do not recommend using it in your SCSS files until the node-sass fork is sunset.
```

> More info [here](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2149)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 2149](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2149).
```

> 2. Usage of color with $hue paremeter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Usage of color with $hue parameter.
```

Example 

> ```shell showLineNumbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell showLineNumbers copy
```

$color: #1caf9a;

body {
  background: change-color($color, $hue: 120);
}
```

> Will lead to different behaviour in stencil cli and production. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will lead to different behavior in Stencil CLI and production. 
```

> So it's not recommended to use it in your scss files until the node sass fork is sunset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So we do not recommend using it in your SCSS files until the node-sass fork is sunset.

```

> More info [here](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 2112](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2112).
```

3. Concatenating an empty string w/ a quoted string will unquote the string.

Example 

> ```shell showLineNumbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell showLineNumbers copy
```

@debug "\"foo\"" + "";
```

> Will lead to different behaviour in stencil cli (quoted) and production (unquoted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will lead to different behavior in Stencil CLI (quoted) and production (unquoted).
```

> More info [here](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2153)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 2153](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2153).
```

4. if() function does not correctly evaluate the parent selector

Example

> ```shell showLineNumbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell showLineNumbers copy
```

@function foo() {
  @return if(& != null, green, red);
}

test {
  color: foo();
}
```

> Will lead to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will lead to 
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell showLineNumbers copy
```

test {
  color: green;
}
```

> in stencil cli and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in Stencil CLI and
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell showLineNumbers copy
```

test {
  color: red;
}
```
in production

> More info [here](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 2116](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2116)
```

> in production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in production.
```

> For more information, see [Issue 2116](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Issue 2116](https://github.com/sass/libsass/issues/2116).
```
